---
title: "Give 'em an ear"
date: 2017-08-04T15:39:46+01:00
draft: false
---

It's been a while since I last wrote a post. I'm pretty busy these days and I just keep thinking up new ideas and I can't manage all these things easily. Today however I'm going to go all personal and recommend three nice podcasts to listen to. All personal because despite the fact I listen to a number of podcasts these are my favorites and I'll totally tell you why.
<!-- more -->

Pull up a chair kids! Until semi-recently - around two-three months ago - I didn't really listen to podcasts. The thing is, I'm having a very hard time actively listening - or paying attention - to ANYTHING. I usually multitask a lot while watching movies, playing games, etc. The reason I started looking for podcasts to listen to is that I commute 2 hours a day and I needed some distraction. I pulled up Apple Podcasts and searched for horror. I started following a few, listening to them and now here are my favorites I gladly recommend to anyone. They are in alphabetical order, we play no favorites around here!

### Blumhouse Shock Waves
Shock Wave is one of the latest podcasts I discovered and it's very different than the other two in this article. First of all, there's 3 hosts - I know it's hard to believe, I swear there are 3. They're all pretty well-known people in the internet horror thing, Rob, Elric and Rebekah - I won't list what they do, check the site. Second, the format is nothing similar. There's no single movie most of the time, more like genres or topics to go along - or sometimes a guest to interview - so the whole show is a huge conversation about millions of films with titles flying left and right and you need to take notes because they sound so awesome! I've never listened to podcasts with pen and paper on the ready. Although this might seem like it's a bit of a drag or something it's not the case at all. The back and forths, the banter, the stories, they make the podcast really entertaining.

[Blumhouse Shock Waves](http://www.blumhouse.com/podcast/)

### Faculty of Horror
While I have no idea how I found NOFS, I know with absolute certainty that Faculty of Horror was the first podcast I followed. The podcast is hosted by Alexandra and Andrea who are also from Canada. - COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT. Well probably it is. Who knows? - This show hits a slightly different tone, the in-depth analysis and explanations I've heard on this show about some movies I absolutely love - things I never thought of - is just absolutely stunning. I have only one issue with this podcast: they only release one episode a month. And while I understand how much work making a podcast is, I just can't get enough.

[Faculty of Horror](http://www.facultyofhorror.com/)

### Nightmare on Film Street
While the podcasts on this list are not in any particular order, this one might stand out a bit. I actually have no recollection of how I found them but I remember I became a fan instantly. While they claim the podcast has zero credibility they are actually very insightful and clever when it comes to scary flicks and they are just hilarious. NOFS podcast is run by Kim and Jon all the way from Canada. The episodes usually - with some exceptions - dissect two movies but not in a dry fashion at all. I think what really appealed to me right from the start was that the whole setup feels friendly and it's very much like a conversation - with you being the creepy friend who doesn't talk just nods and laughs. If I ever get to Canada I'll surely stalk these guys for a bit!

[Nightmare on Film Street](http://nightmareonfilmstreetpodcast.com/)