---
title: "The Witch"
date: 2017-08-08T08:46:15+01:00
draft: true
---

Damn how I love a good old folktale! The Witch is one of the best movies I've seen in the genre and although it's not a very fast movie, I enjoy every minute of it. If you haven't seen it and you like movies with Satan, witchcraft or weird stuff I highly recommend you watching it. I double dare you!
<!-- more -->

The story takes place in New England and it starts with a family being sent away from the town they live in. We never actually get to know why they had to leave but from the conversation it seems like the father was too hardcore of a christian for the townsfolk's taste. They accept the decision and eventually pack up and look for a new home in the middle of nowhere, next to a very inviting little forest. We skip some time to the point they already have their house built and they're in the middle of harvest season when the first tragedy strikes: their baby is taken by something - we actually get to see what took it and I'm pretty sure you can guess anyway - which they blame their daughter Thomasin for. The mother sinks into agony, spends her days and nights praying.

This is basically the point things start to get interesting, not only from the action perspective but from the psychological one as well. See, I could go on with going through the story, but I'd rather talk about the duality of everybody's religiousness in the movie. The dad was cast out because he's too hardcore yet he lies throughout 90% of the movie. The fucking kids talk to a black goat and call him basically the spawn of Satan, yet nobody even acknowledges it. The mother is a piece of shit, blaming her daughter for everything that happens. Even Caleb is forced to lie, although he's the one who regularly shits himself in fear of going to hell! The only decent person in the movie is Thomasin who gets shat on every time so the ending is not surprising at all. Of course you can spin that around and say that this was probably the psychotic episode of Thomasin who one day chucked her little brother in the forest then killed his family so no wonder in her own mind she's the pure one. It's just an interesting movie to think about really.

As there are not a whole lot of special FX I'd rather not waste any breath on that other than it's decent, the witch parts are weird but I guess that was the concept. The visual atmosphere of the movie is very coherent through the movie, I like this greyish, decaying environment they're in, it symbolizes the hopelessness and the inevitable demise - in one way or another. I can't tell anything in the movie that felt out of place which is pretty cool. I won't rate it because I don't feel like it, but I liked it and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it.
